Update explore-projects.md (#7224)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/collaborate/explore-projects.md

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/collaborate/dbt-explorer/explorer-main-page.gif" width="95%" title="Navigate dbt Explorer to discover your project's resources and lineage."/>

import ExplorerCourse from '/snippets/_explorer-course-link.md';

<ExplorerCourse />

## Generate metadata

<Constant name="explorer" /> uses the metadata provided by the [Discovery API](/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/discovery-api) to display the details about [the state of your project](/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/project-state). The metadata that's available depends on the [deployment environment](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments) you've designated as _production_ or _staging_ in your <Constant name="cloud" /> project.

> If you're using a [hybrid project setup](/docs/deploy/hybrid-setup) and uploading artifacts from dbt Core, make sure to follow the [setup instructions](/docs/deploy/hybrid-setup#connect-project-in-dbt-cloud) to connect your project in dbt Cloud. This makes sure that <Constant name="explorer" /> accesses and displays your metadata correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using a [hybrid project setup](/docs/deploy/hybrid-setup) and uploading artifacts from dbt Core, make sure to follow the [setup instructions](/docs/deploy/hybrid-setup#connect-project-in-dbt-cloud) to connect your project in dbt Cloud. This enables <Constant name="explorer" /> to access and display your metadata correctly.
```
